Internet:
      The interconnected network of computers around the world that uses standardized communication protocols for communication,data sharing and many more.
There are 2 types of computer in a network:
                   1.Server computer:
                          The special computer that is open 24/7,stores all data and infos and provides them when requested.
                          There's only one server computer in a network.
                  2.Clients Computer:
                          Those computer that seeks data and infos and requests server computers when required.
                          There can be as many clients computers in a networks.

          Clients---request-->  IPS(internet service provider)-------------->DNS(Domain name service)
                 <-----------                                 <--IPaddress---
Web Development:
            Building/Creating website for the internet.
            Lets look at quick example to know how wesite works:
                           When we search in google.com in our browser we send the request to google server,which then further sends packaged code of HTML,CSS,javaScript
                           to our browser not the actual web page.Then our browser composes a web page according to those provided codes and displays the web page.
HTML:
       This gives strucuture to our program like bones in our human bodies.
CSS:
       This gives style,layout to our program like eyes,muscles,hair,nails in our bodies.
JavaScript:
       This gives functionality to our program like breathing,walking,eating in us human beings.

Frontend technology:
                The visual and interactive elements of a website that users interact with directly.
                   Eg:Searching googke.com and geeting google web page in above example.
Backend technology:
                The backend is the server side of the website which stores data.
                It also makes sure everything on the client side of the website works fine whereas clients cannot see and interact with it.
                    Eg: google server side from above example.
Those developers that works on both Frontend and Backend they are known as Full Stack developer.



           

                              


 
